Examples for curators (#104)
Joystream/helpdesk: roles/content-curators/README.md

OPTIONS
  --context=(Lead|Curator)  Actor context to execute the command in (Lead/Curator)
```

## Content Directory
The new content directory is partially using [metaprotocols](https://github.com/Joystream/joystream/issues/1990). That means a lot of the information in a transaction is not actually available on chain, but has to be looked up in our query-node "playground" [here](https://hydra.joystream.org/graphql).

A basic example of how to find the first 100 videos sorted by the block height created:
```
query {
  videos (limit:100, orderBy:createdInBlock_ASC){
    id
    title
    isCensored
    isPublic
    category {
      id
      name
    }
    channelId
    channel {
      id
      createdAt
      createdInBlock
      ownerMember {
        id
        handle
      }
    }
    createdAt
    createdInBlock
  }
}
```
More examples can be found [here](/roles/content-curators/query-node-examples).

> Note that the clicking "docs" (and/or "schema") is very be helpful, once you get the general syntaxt!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that the clicking "docs" (and/or "schema") is likely to be very helpful, once you get a grasp of the general syntax!
```
